# Diffusion_Electrolyte_Mixture


Here, we design a workflow to calculate the diffusion coefficient  of Electrolytes in a mixture. At the moment the workflow only runs for binary mixture with components in a mixture can be chosen from the following set of Electrolytes and Water 
Ethanol (2) Ethylene_Sulfate (3)Ethylene_Carbonate (4) Ethylene_Methyl_Carbonate(5) Diethyl_Carbonate (6)Dimethyl_Carbonate (7)Benzodioxathiole_dioxide(8)FluroEthylene_Carbonate(9)Dicyanoketene_Ethylene_Acetal (10) Water

Here, we combine mainly three different wanos (which are used multiple times): 
(A) Wanos for simple bash/python script : (i)My Script,(ii) Postprocess, and (ii)Script.
(B) Wanos to Pack the Molecule with Given Ratio to build the system configuration : Packmol 
(C) Standard Minimization and Production MD run: (i) Gromacs and (ii) Gromacs_1 

The Workflow runs as follows
# My Script
A simple python script where we say at which different ratio we want to mix two electrolytes A and B.
E.g. x% of Electrolyte A with  (1-x)% of Electrolyte B. 

# Packmol

For each value of mixing ratio, Packmol first decides how many different molecules of type A and B it has to pack in a user defined simulation cell. And then it generates the initial system configuration (for gromacs run) for  a system. It uses the pdb file of the molecules A and B as input in addition to their density and Molar mass. 

# Gromacs 

Minimize the system generated by packmol. Standard gromacs run inputs have to be given.
In addition, we use the precomputed force field files (*itp) for the system A and B as input.

# Gromacs_1 

Equlibriation and Production  run for the System Minimized in the previous steps. 


# Post_Process 

This Wano takes the MD trajectory from the Gromacs production run and calculate  the diffusion coefficients (D) of component A and B.

# Script

This Wano just collects all the data and prepares a mixing  ratio (x) vs diffusion coefficient (D) plot for both A and B. 


